Portenta Vision Shield: Bitmap to SD Card tutorial sketch update[PC-969] (#489)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/shields/portenta-vision-shield/tutorials/camera-to-bitmap-sd-card/content.md

Inside the sketch you can use these libraries to access the camera APIs, also compatible with the [Arduino Nicla Vision](hardware/nicla-vision)
```cpp
#include "camera.h" // Multi Media Card APIs

> #include "himax.h"  // Mbed API for portable  and embedded systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#include "himax.h"  // API to read from the Himax camera found on the Portenta Vision Shield
```

Then we define the following objects with their respective constructor (`blockDevice` and `fileSystem` objects), needed for getting access to the SD Card and the file system.

```cpp
#include "SDMMCBlockDevice.h" // Multi Media Card APIs

> #include "FATFileSystem.h"    // Mbed API for portable  and embedded systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#include "FATFileSystem.h"    // API to run operations on a FAT file system
```

SDMMCBlockDevice blockDevice;
mbed::FATFileSystem fileSystem("fs");

#include "camera.h" // Arduino Mbed Core Camera APIs
#include "himax.h"  // Exclusive Camera library for the Portenta Vision Shield
HM01B0 himax;
Camera cam(himax);

> FrameBuffer frameBuffer; // Buffer to save the capture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FrameBuffer frameBuffer; // Buffer to save the camera stream
```
